{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f40\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f41\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f44\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f45\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f46\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f47\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f53\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f59\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f63\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Plain Text;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01*;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 }{\listname ;}\listid-2}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-2\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0
\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 }}\ls1}}{\info{\title ----------------------------------------------------------------}
{\author kim byron}{\operator Tom Wilson}{\creatim\yr2002\mo5\dy11\hr10\min57}{\revtim\yr2002\mo5\dy11\hr10\min57}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords940}{\nofchars5363}{\*\company ISI}{\nofcharsws6586}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\makebackup\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2\cgrid0 ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par     Welcome to Reference Manager for Windows XP/2000/98/95/NT4
\par                           Version 10
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Thank you for your purchase of the Reference Manager 10 program.
\par }{\f2\fs16\cgrid0 
\par }{\f2\cgrid0 Please read this file as it may contain important instructions
\par for your particular System and/or information that was not 
\par available when the manual was completed.  
\par }{\f2\fs16\cgrid0 
\par }{\f2\cgrid0 This file includes:
\par }{\f2\fs16\cgrid0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li480\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx480{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnindent360 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin480\itap0 {\f2\cgrid0 
Installation Notes 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li480\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx480{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnindent360 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin480\itap0 {\f2\cgrid0 
Upgrading from Earlier Versions of Reference Manager
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li480\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx480{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnindent360 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin480\itap0 {\f2\cgrid0 
Version 10  New Features and Enhancements
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li480\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx480{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnindent360 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin480\itap0 {\f2\cgrid0 
Version 10 New Features
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li480\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx480{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnindent360 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin480\itap0 {\f2\cgrid0 C
ontacting ISI ResearchSoft
\par }\pard \ql \li120\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin120\itap0 {\f2\fs16\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\cgrid0 ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par Installation notes
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Reference Manager 10 will not automatically install over the Reference Manager
 9 folder.   If this is the first installation of Reference Manager the installation program will create this new Reference Manager 10 folder for you. You can install version 10 directly over an existing version of }{
\f2\lang1030\langfe1033\cgrid0\langnp1030 Reference Manager. }{\f2\cgrid0 During installation, to write over the folder, use the file browse button within the Install to >>>> Dialog box.
\par 
\par Please read the next section for notes specific to your current 
\par version of Reference Manager.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par Upgrading from Earlier Versions of Reference Manager
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\cgrid0 Please be sure to retain a copy of your existing databases, documents and any customized output styles or filters before installing 
\par Reference Manager version 10. Other customized files include search
\par strategies, reference indexes, casing term dictionary and phrase list.
\par Files created or modified with version 10 will not be compatible with
\par prior versions of Reference Manager. 
\par   
\par To enjoy the full benefits of the new features in version 10, you must
\par upgrade your old databases to version 10 format. If your old databases
\par were created with a version of Reference Manager earlier than version 8.0, please contact ISI ResearchSoft for conversion instructions. To convert version 8 or 9 databases, please see the Converting Databases
\par section of the Reference Manager Manual in section 2, Installing and Upgrading Reference Manager.
\par   
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\cgrid0 If you are using Microsoft Word and are upgrading from Reference Manag
er version 8, please note that Reference Manager version 10 loads a new "Cite While You Write" toolbar. To delete the old Cite While You Write toolbar, you will need to uninstall Reference Manager version 8. Please be sure to back up all of your custom fi
les before you uninstall! Custom files may include output styles, import filters.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par Version 10 New Features and Enhancements
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Enhanced word processor support for Microsoft Word 97/2000/XP:
\par * Locate and insert citations without leaving Microsoft Word.
\par * Instantly formats citations as they are cited.
\par * Hot link to a URL found in a bibliography.
\par * Share a paper, including full reference data in the Traveling Library.
\par * Quickly remove field codes to submit your paper to a publisher.
\par 
\par Updated Styles, Filters, and Connections:
\par * Automatically download the latest files from the Reference Manager Web site.
\par * Connect to ISI\rquote s Web of Science and download references directly to Reference Manager.
\par 
\par Spell Checking:
\par * Check highlighted text or on entire references.
\par * Search supplied multi-language and discipline-specific dictionaries.
\par 
\par Database Additions
\par * Four new fields for linking to PDFs, full-text documents, images and related records have been added. 
\par * All user-defined fields are URL and file path compatible.
\par }{\cgrid0 * Open an additional five databases with this version of Reference Manager.
\par  
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par Technical Notes
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par }{* Cite While You Write formatted Word documents are compatible with Reference Manager 10. A document shared between Reference Manager 10 users contai
ns an embedded Traveling library with the necessary reference information, so you do not need to send a copy of your library.
\par 
\par * Reference Manager 10 documents (Microsoft Word 97, 2000 and XP) containing Cite While You Write citations must be unformatted for compatibility with Reference Manager versions 9 \endash  9.5.
\par }{\cgrid0 
\par }{* To register the Cite While You Write files, open Reference Manager 10 from the Start menu at least once before accessing the Cite While You Write commands in Word.
\par 
\par * Editing a records author nam
e, date, reference id or title after that record has been cited and formatted in a bibliography, will result in Cite While You Write using the Traveling Library data that has not been updated. To resolve this issue highlight and delete in-text cite that w
as edited and reinsert.
\par }{\cgrid0 
\par }{
\par * New documents will be opened with instant formatting on, but in an inactive state. Instant formatting will not actually start formatting until one of the Cite While You Write commands is performed.  Instant Formatting can be disa
bled per document from your Instant Formatting preference button with your word processor.  It can also be disabled globally, from the Cite While You Write preference command also located in the word processing tool bar.
\par }{\cgrid0 
\par }{* The "Help" menu now offers a direct link to the Reference Manager Web site.
\par 
\par * The "Reference Manager Updates" command automatically locates and downloads all updated Reference Manager files. This includes output styles and filters. We recommend that you check periodically for updates.}{\cgrid0 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2\cgrid0 ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par Contacting ISI ResearchSoft
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par You can contact us at the following numbers and addresses:
\par }{\f2\fs16\cgrid0 
\par }{\f2\cgrid0 ISI ResearchSoft\line 800 Jones Street\line Berkeley, CA 94710  USA
\par 
\par Phone: (510)559-8592
\par Fax:   (510)559-8683
\par 
\par Sales Information E-Mail: }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f2\cgrid0  HYPERLINK mailto:sales@isiresearchsoft.com }{\f2\cgrid0 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000001a000000730061006c006500730040006900730069007200650073006500610072006300680073006f00660074002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b420000006d00610069006c0074006f003a00730061006c00650073004000
6900730069007200650073006500610072006300680073006f00660074002e0063006f006d0000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\f2\ul\cf2 sales@isiresearchsoft.com}}}{\f2\cgrid0  
\par Product Information E-mail: }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f2\cgrid0  HYPERLINK mailto:info@isiresearchsoft.com }{\f2\cgrid0 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000001900000069006e0066006f0040006900730069007200650073006500610072006300680073006f00660074002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b400000006d00610069006c0074006f003a0069006e0066006f00400069007300
69007200650073006500610072006300680073006f00660074002e0063006f006d0000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\f2\ul\cf2 info@isiresearchsoft.com}}}{\f2\cgrid0  
\par }{\f2\lang1036\langfe1033\cgrid0\langnp1036 Technical Support E-mail:     }{\f2\ul\cf2\lang1036\langfe1033\cgrid0\langnp1036 refman@isiresearchsoft.com 
\par }{\f2\cgrid0 
\par You can also find answers to frequently asked questions
\par (FAQs) on our World Wide Web site at: 
\par }{\f2\fs16\cgrid0 
\par }{\f2\ul\cf2\cgrid0 <http://www.isiresearchsoft.com>}{\f2\cgrid0 
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par }{\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
\par }}